# S01.02.02E02 - The Hook Horror Hunt
## Basic Info
### Characters
### Description
The characters enter an area where a band of gnolls lured to the Underdark by the demon lord Yeenoghu are hunting a mated pair of hook horrors. Having left guards at the main entrance to the lair (area 5), the gnoll pack lord has split its remaining hunters into two groups, both of which are attempting to flush out the hook horrors to win the right to tear them apart.

The adventurers wander into the area from a second entrance to the caverns (area 1) and become embroiled in the hunt. Whether they choose to avoid the hunting party, aid the hook horrors, or negotiate their way out of the situation is up to the players.

>**HOOK HORROR LAIR: GENERAL FEATURES**
>
>As characters explore the hook horror lair, keep in mind the following features.
>
>**Light:** The tunnels are completely dark, which doesn’t hinder either the gnolls or the hook horrors.
>
>**Tight Passages:** Tunnels marked “P” on the map are narrow enough that Large creatures such as the hook horrors must squeeze through them, spending 1 extra foot of movement for every foot of passage. Medium or smaller creatures can move through such areas normally.

### Places
- [[The Underdark]]
- [[The Hook Horror Lair]]

### Result
[[Sidiqi Adventures|SA]] defeated the Hook Horrors and some of the Gnolls floating around. Would up meeting [[Yeenoghu]] and being told to go take care of [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] before he can complete his deal with [[Mammon]]
___
## Parts/Areas
### 1. Hook Horrors

The characters hear clacking noises as they approach this point in the passageway. Suddenly, two hook horrors dash from the side passage, moving from area 2A toward area 3. The hook horrors attack only in self-defense and are more afraid of the giggling, rampaging gnolls than they are of the characters.

The gnolls are two chambers behind the hook horrors, reaching this point on the following round, unless the characters move toward them (in which case the two groups converge in area 2A).
### 2A. Gnoll Hunters

Four gnolls move into this area the round after the hook horrors move past the party, then follow their quarry into area 1 on the following round.

The gnolls can’t resist attacking any other creatures that cross their path while shrieking “Sacrifices for Yeenoghu!” in their own tongue. (Even if no one in the party speaks Gnoll, the name of the demon lord is clearly recognizable.)
Development

Sounds of combat or calls from the gnolls might attract their pack mates in areas 2B and 5.
### 2B. Gnoll Hunters

The rest of the gnoll hunters race through these caverns in search of the hook horrors. Unless they are drawn elsewhere, four gnolls and a gnoll pack lord are here.
Treasure

The gnoll pack lord carries two bloodstones worth 50 gp each and a brown tourmaline worth 100 gp.
### 3. Cornered

The fleeing hook horrors make their way here, where they wait in ambush for any creatures that follow them. The passage is narrow enough that Medium creatures must move single file through it. The cave appears to be a dead end, and the hook horrors fight to the death against any creatures that enter.

Characters who take the time to search the cave spot a hole in the 10-foot-high ceiling (marked C on the map), which requires a successful DC 12 Strength (Athletics) check to climb up into. It leads to area 4.
### 4. Hook Horror Nest

The sandy floor of this cavern holds a clutch of four 1-foot-diameter eggs with rocky outer shells, all half-buried in a shallow pit. These are hook horror eggs, and any character that touches an egg can feel it trembling.

Each hour, there is a 10 percent chance that one of the eggs hatches. The infant hook horror that emerges imprints on the first creature it sees. It thereafter follows that creature around like its parent, demanding to be fed. If the characters manage to keep the hook horror alive, it eventually reaches adulthood after six months. Track its growth using the Hook Horror Maturation table.
**Hook Horror Maturation**

|Age|Size|Notes|
|-|-|-|
|Infant(up to 1 month)|Tiny|AC 10; 4 (1d4 + 2) hit points; speed 10 ft., climb 10 ft.; Str 9 (−1); no effective attacks; Challenge 0 (0 XP)|
|Young(1–3 months)|Small|AC 11; 11 (2d6 + 4) hit points; speed 15 ft., climb 15 ft.; Str 12 (+1); hook attacks are +3 to hit, have a reach of 5 ft., and deal 3 (1d4 + 1) piercing damage on a hit; Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)|
|Juvenile(3–6 months)|Medium|AC 13; 39 (6d8 + 12) hit points; speed 20 ft., climb 20 ft.; Str 15 (+2); hook attacks are +4 to hit, have a reach of 5 ft., and deal 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage on a hit; Challenge 2 (450 XP)|
|Adult(6+ months)|Large|See the Monster Manual
### 5. Gnoll Camp

The gnolls have a small camp set up here to prevent the hook horrors from fleeing in this direction.

Three gnolls guard the camp and attack any creatures emerging from the tunnels that are not of their kind.
___
## Resolution Steps