# S01.02.02E04 - The Lost Tomb of Khaem Encounter
## Basic Info
### Characters
- Brysis Khaem - wraith
    - Sorcerer, Netherese noble

- Monsters
    - Spectors [[S01.02.02E04 - The Lost Tomb of Khaem Encounter#3 Servants’ Sarcophagi|See place 3]]
    - Wraith [[S01.02.02E04 - The Lost Tomb of Khaem Encounter#5 True Tomb|See place 5]]

### Description
In ages past, at the height of Faerûn’s great empires of magic, the half-elf sorcerer Brysis of Khaem was interred in a floating tomb. After the fall of the empire of Netheril and its flying cities, Brysis’s tomb plummeted into a crevasse and wound up in the Underdark, where it has remained for centuries. The rise of the demon lords has awakened Brysis from the eternal sleep of death as a wraith, served by specters who were once her loyal retainers. Brysis yearns to accumulate enough life force to leave the confines of her tomb, to which her spirit is bound.

The adventurers might discover the tomb by accident or with the aid of Fargas Rumblefoot, the halfling from the Silken Paths encounter. Either way, when they’re nearby, read the following to the players:

> A soft feminine voice sounds out in your mind suddenly, faint and distant. “Hello? Is someone there … ? Oh please, I need your help! I have been trapped in the dark for so long … so very long. Please, won’t you help to free me?”

The characters receive an impression of the direction to the entrance of the tomb, but the mysterious voice doesn’t respond to any queries. As they follow the voice, a narrow side passage takes them to a dirty marble wall with a deep-set door made of bronze-encased stone, green with age (see the “Lost Tomb of Khaem: General Features” sidebar).



>**LOST TOMB OF KHAEM: GENERAL FEATURES**
>
>As characters explore the Lost Tomb of Khaem, keep in mind the following features.
>
>**Ceilings.** Room ceilings are 15 feet high. The hallways connecting them are 10 feet high.
>
>**Doors.** Each door in the tomb is a 10-foot-by-10-foot slab of solid marble encased in a thin layer of beaten bronze. The bronze has turned green with age. The door pivots on a central axis, creating narrow openings on either side while open. The door is also heavy and tight-fitting, requiring a DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check to open or close.
>
>**Light.** Except as otherwise noted, the interior of the tomb is dark.
>
>**Chaotic Magic.** The tomb was crafted during an age of high magic, and it has become suffused with faerzress. The ancient and chaotic energy now permeating the structure causes any spell cast within the tomb to trigger a roll on the Wild Magic Surge table in chapter 3, “Classes,” of the Player’s Handbook.


### Places
### Result
___
## Parts
### 1. Entrance Room

A stone diorama stands to the right of the entrance, depicting the sorcerer Brysis Khaem as a Netherese noble in her prime, surrounded by attendants, slaves, and other trappings of wealth and power. A vista of fantastic floating cities covers the wall to the left of the entrance.

#### Staircase and Landing
Across from the entrance, empty stone torch sconces flank a dusty staircase descending 20 feet to a landing. Set into the back wall of the landing is a Netherese calendar stone. Beyond this landing, the staircase resumes its descent, stopping at three more landings of bare stone and descending a total of 100 feet before arriving at area 2.

### 2. Shrine
The stairs lead down to this shrine, where shreds of dusty tapestries lie scattered across the floor. Friezes on the walls are defaced with deep gouges, making them unrecognizable. An altar of pale gray marble stands gouged and cracked against one wall.

A successful DC 13 Intelligence (Investigation) check reveals that the damage to this room is relatively recent, and that the creatures that caused it left no tracks of any kind in the layer of dust on the floor.

### 3. Servants’ Sarcophagi
Four stone sarcophagi mark the resting places of Brysis’s most faithful servants. The lid of each sarcophagus bears the sculpted image of a robed human figure in repose. Brysis’s four servants have arisen at her command as **`specters`**. If anyone touches or otherwise disturbs a sarcophagus, all four specters emerge from their sarcophagi, howling in fury, and attack. The specters can pursue their prey beyond the confines of the tomb, if necessary.

Opening a sarcophagus lid requires a successful DC 17 Strength check and reveals treasure within (see “Treasure”).

A character inspecting the northeast sarcophagus and succeeding on a DC 15 Wisdom (Perception) check notices that the sarcophagus is built on hidden stone rollers. It can be moved aside with a successful DC 10 Strength check to reveal a 4-foot-square hole in the floor, and in the ceiling of a similarly sized chamber directly below this one (area 5). If the characters move the sarcophagus but leave the chamber without exploring the tomb below, they hear the same telepathic voice that called out to them initially, saying, “Please! Don’t leave! I’m here, below!”

#### Treasure
Each sarcophagus contains mummified remains, the tattered remnants of ancient burial garments, and treasure of Netherese origin.

The northeast sarcophagus contains two gold bracelets worth 50 gp each and a ceremonial wand (nonmagical) made of chiseled ivory worth 25 gp.

The northwest sarcophagus contains an onyx ring worth 50 gp and a silver necklace set with two azurites and a carnelian worth 250 gp.

The southwest sarcophagus contains a ewer made of beaten gold worth 25 gp and a walking stick worth 75 gp. The walking stick is made of varnished yew with a golden handle shaped like a scorpion.

The southeast sarcophagus contains a gold censer with platinum filigree worth 250 gp.

### 4. False Tomb
Stone blocks standing against the western and eastern walls are carved with niches, inside which rest a dozen clay canopic jars containing desiccated organs. These organs belong to Brysis’s servants, who are entombed in area 4.

In the middle of the room rests a wide stone sarcophagus atop a black marble bier. The lid of the sarcophagus is inlaid with dust-covered mosaics depicting great floating cities high above a beautiful landscape. The lid of the sarcophagus looks incredibly heavy but is made lighter by an ancient spell that has survived to this day. The lid can be pushed aside with a successful DC 10 Strength check. The sarcophagus contains a life-sized statue of Brysis, sculpted and painted to make it appear that she is sleeping comfortably. The statue is affixed to the inside of the sarcophagus with sovereign glue and can’t be moved. There is no treasure to be found.

#### Trap
Opening the sarcophagus triggers a magic mouth spell that calls out in a booming voice, “You have disturbed the tomb of Brysis of Khaem! Accursed are you, most miserable of creatures!” Each creature in the room, whether it hears the booming voice or not, must make a DC 15 Charisma saving throw. On a failure, the creature is cursed with disadvantage on attack rolls and saving throws. The creature can repeat the saving throw after 24 hours have elapsed, ending the effect on itself with a successful save. Otherwise, a remove curse spell ends this effect, as does destroying the wraith in area 5.

If Brysis’s wraith is destroyed, both the magic mouth and the curse on the sarcophagus cease to function.

### 5. True Tomb
Brysis’s true tomb is hidden below area 3 and has murals on the walls decorated with rich pigments and inlays of semiprecious stones. A gilded sarcophagus stands atop a stone bier along the west wall. An invisible stone chest rests at the foot of the sarcophagus. Characters searching the area thoroughly locate the chest. The chest becomes visible within an antimagic field, and a successful dispel magic (DC 19) also ends the invisibility effect.

Brysis of Khaem has arisen as a murderous **_`wraith`_**, bound to her tomb until she can steal enough life force to leave it. She arises from within the sarcophagus and attacks when creatures enter this chamber. She gloats about how the characters’ deaths will free her from this prison, and how her victims will serve her even in death.

On initiative count 1 in the round in which Brysis attacks, the characters hear the telepathic voice that first called to them. “In the sarcophagus! I can help you!” See “Treasure” for more information.

#### Treasure
The thin gold sheath covering Brysis’s sarcophagus can be pried loose and is worth 250 gp. Inside the stone sarcophagus, lying atop Brysis’s withered and mummified corpse, is a magic sword called Dawnbringer (see appendix B). This intelligent weapon is the source of the telepathic messages.

The stone chest is unlocked and contains the other treasures Brysis took with her into the afterlife: 4,000 sp, 1,200 gp, eleven zircons (worth 50 gp each), a necklace of fireballs, a philter of love, and a potion of greater healing.

___
## Resolution Steps