# S01.02.02E01 - The Silken Paths Encounter
## Basic Info
### Characters
- YukYuk (goblin) - neutral
- Spiderbait (goblin) - neutral

### Description
The Silken Paths are a network of spider webs crisscrossing a 500-foot-deep, 2,000-foot-wide chasm that stretches for nearly five miles. The major strands of the webs are traversable but, due to the fact that old webs disintegrate over time and the giant spiders inhabiting the chasm are constantly spinning new ones, the Silken Paths are ever-changing.

The chasm has numerous passages at varying heights leading away from it. It is rare for a web strand to connect one opening with another on the same “level.” Characters navigating the Silken Paths need to follow sloping strands as well as climb and cross over several strands to reach their intended destination. This is quite hazardous, but there simply isn’t any easy way around the chasm. The characters can easily get lost in the mass of strands stretching across the chasm unless they have help.

#### The Web Runners
The Web Runners are a pair of thrill-seeking goblins named Yuk Yuk and Spiderbait. They have lived in the Underdark for as long as either can remember, with much of their time spent treasure hunting and surviving in the Silken Paths. The goblins are prone to daring (and often foolish) stunts. That either of them is still alive is a testament to their luck and skill. Modify their statistics as follows:

- Both goblins are neutral.
- Add Acrobatics +6 and Athletics +3 to the goblins’ list of skills.
- The goblins have advantage on checks made to avoid being surprised.

The goblins notice the adventurers as they approach the Silken Paths and are willing to act as guides and helpers — for a fee, of course. They’ll settle for 2 gp per day each, but Yuk Yuk (who does all the negotiating) is just as likely to ask for something flashy belonging to one of the characters. He might also ask for some unspecified favor, to be paid when the goblins and the adventurers get to wherever they’re going and part ways. He might ask for first pick of any loot the party uncovers in the Silken Paths, and will expect and ask for a share of the treasure regardless.

Yuk Yuk and Spiderbait each carry a gourd of grease, which they apply to their feet so that they can “surf the webs.” While sliding down webs, they move at twice their normal walking speed.

The Web Runners are as good as their word when it comes to their services, and they can teach the characters a thing or two. While they travel with the two goblins, the characters have advantage on checks made to avoid being surprised. The goblins know the Silken Paths well enough not to become lost in them.

If the adventurers make a good impression on the Web Runners and if the party’s goals appear to offer interesting opportunities to do new and dangerous things, the goblins offer to stay on after crossing the Silken Paths, and to help guide the characters through the Underdark. The two won’t leave the Underdark, however. Yuk Yuk will try to negotiate a suitable fee, but the goblins might simply tag along, content to earn any fair share of whatever the party acquires.

>**SILKEN PATHS: GENERAL FEATURES**
>
>As characters traverse the Silken Paths, keep in mind the following features.
>
>**Difficult Terrain.** Any creature with a climbing speed can walk along the webs at that speed. For all other creatures, the webs are difficult terrain. Any creature that falls can potentially become entangled in the webs (see “Falling”).
>
>**Falling.** Whenever a creature takes damage while traversing the Silken Paths, or whenever the webs upon which it is walking break, the creature must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw. On a successful save, the creature manages to avoid a fall by grabbing nearby web strands. On a failure, the creature falls 1d10 × 10 feet. If the >distance fallen is less than the distance to the chasm floor, the creature becomes entangled in webs and restrained; otherwise, it hits the floor and takes damage from the fall as normal. A restrained creature can make a DC 12 Strength saving throw at the end of each of its turns, freeing itself and ending the restrained condition on a success. Another creature can use its action to help a restrained creature within its reach, granting advantage on that creature’s next saving throw to end the effect.
>
>**Light.** The chasm is dark. Carrying a light source attracts hostile creatures, increasing the chance of an encounter to 1–3 on a d6.
>
>**Fire.** Webs burn away when exposed to any attack or effect that deals fire damage. This causes several strands to break, and all creatures within 30 feet of the affected area must make a saving throw to avoid falling (see “Falling”).

### Places
- [[The Underdark]]
- [[The Silken Paths]]

### Result
___
## Parts
### 1. Encounter 1 - Giant Spiders
- 6 giant spiders attack the party on the weds

### 2. Encounter 2 - Spectator
- 1 Spectator attacks the party

### 3. Encounter 3 - Drow and Quaggoth
- 4 drow and 4 quaggoth attack the party
    - if they are captured there is a 5% chance they are returned to [[Velkynvelve]]

### 4. Encounter 4 - Web Break!!
- The Web under the party breaks as it is old
    - all party must make DC15 Dex to see if they fell
        - fallen party members to make 1d10x10 to see how far the fell!

### 5. Encounter 5 - Mimic
- a Mimic in the shape of an 


___
## Resolution Steps