# S01.01.04-Wave Echo Cave
## Basic Info
### Characters
### Description
the [[Gundren Rockseeker|Rockseekers]] did not realize they were being trailed by spies working for [[Nezznar]], the Black Spider, and they inadvertently led the Drow villain to their prize. Nezznar and his followers dealt with the two Rockseekers who were guarding their find, then arranged for [[Gundren Rockseeker|Gundren's]] ambush. Learning of [[Sidiqi Adventures|SA's]] involvement with Gundren and their exploits in and around [[Phandalin]], the Black Spider has given orders for the characters to be dealt with. Meanwhile, Nezznar has begun his exploration of [[Wave Echo Cave]].

The drow is searching for the [[Forge of Spells]], where the human mages of old Phandalin enchanted dwarven weapons and gnome gadgets. However, Nezznar’s exploration has been hindered by the restless undead and dangerous monsters that lurk in Wave Echo Cave, forcing him to proceed with great caution.

The adventurers now have the chance to aid Gundren, avenge his kin, and put a stop to the nefarious schemes of the Black Spider. And of course, the hoard of powerful magic rumored to be hidden in the mines is a rich prize.
### Result
As [[Sidiqi Adventures|SA]] has lost [[Gundren Rockseeker]] and [[Tharden Rockseeker]] only [[Nundro Rockseeker]] is left to honor the deal made for 18% of the mine's take. Nundro seem's ammenable to this and will honor the arrangement.

After defeating [[Nezznar]] at [[Wave Echo Cave]] the party finds more information concerning who sent the Drow Priestesses after them to kill them. The letter they found was written by [[Jarlaxle Baenre|Lord D'aerthe]] but was vague on details. The pary discovers letters to Nezznar from [[Triel Baenre|Lady D'aerthe]] but don't know who she is. It details that her brother has made a mess of things and that her priestesses have failed as well. It warns him to be on the look out for a special message in the comming days.

As the party is leaving Wave Echo Cave in seeming victory they are beset by a horde of [[Female Steeder]], one of whom has an illusion scroll with a recorded message from [[Triel Baenre]] intended for [[Nezznar]]. It instructs him to bring the captive party to the Underdark city of XXX...or die trying and the Steeder will take care of them. if the party defeats the Steeder then they see the message. Otherwise the defeated party is dragged to the Underdark to begin [[S01.02-The Maiden, The Mother, The Crone]].

___
## Resolution Steps
___
## Parts