Sessions/Discovered Secrets.md, before:

1. [x] [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] wants to take over [[The Sword Coast]]
1. [x] [[Triel Baenre]] wants the party to herself to "one up" [[Jarlaxle Baenre]], her brother
1. [x] The [[Diary of Jarlaxle Baenre|Magic Book]] is [[Diary of Jarlaxle Baenre]] . holds details of the his plans with Mammon and for the Sword Coast.
1. [x] Jorlan used to have a wand that shot globs of sticky material able to trap targets. Now Shoor carries it, as another sign of their change in status.
1. [x] Sarith Kzekarit knows a gray ooze lives in the pool. It’s harmless, feeding off waste unless disturbed.
1. [x] Sarith Kzekarit knows a supply patrol from Menzoberranzan is a few days overdue, which is unusual
1. [x] the Demogorgon seems to work for the "faceless lord" and is sending telepathic broadcasts that Mammon is not welcome in the underdark...
1. [x] something has the local Demon's all rowled up...probably the deal [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] made with the devil [[Mammon]] and half the Kua-Toa to make his plague!
1. [x] Leonin is being held by the Gnolls! He is on a personal mission to fight [[Mammon]]. He learned through his patron that [[Mammon]] is on the move in [[The Underdark]]. Was waylaid by a group of Drow looking for escaped prisoners! Traded to the Gnolls for some kind of animal tooth and carapace...(hook horror...obvs)
1. [x] [[Triel Baenre]] is on their tail heavy...
1. [x] Yeenoghu wants kill [[Triel Baenre]] as she has tainted her self with [[Mammon]] and he's pissed she was killing gnolls. offers a deal...gives a map of [[The Underdark]] to the party in exchange for them heading out at [[Gauntlgrym]].

Commit message:

Session 82
El Condor discover Jarlaxle may be responsible for his family's deaths

Sessions/Discovered Secrets.md, after:

1. [x] [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] wants to take over [[The Sword Coast]]
2. [x] [[Triel Baenre]] wants the party to herself to "one up" [[Jarlaxle Baenre]], her brother
3. [x] The [[Diary of Jarlaxle Baenre|Magic Book]] is [[Diary of Jarlaxle Baenre]] . holds details of the his plans with Mammon and for the Sword Coast.
4. [x] Jorlan used to have a wand that shot globs of sticky material able to trap targets. Now Shoor carries it, as another sign of their change in status.
5. [x] Sarith Kzekarit knows a gray ooze lives in the pool. It’s harmless, feeding off waste unless disturbed.
6. [x] Sarith Kzekarit knows a supply patrol from Menzoberranzan is a few days overdue, which is unusual
7. [x] the Demogorgon seems to work for the "faceless lord" and is sending telepathic broadcasts that Mammon is not welcome in the underdark...
8. [x] something has the local Demon's all rowled up...probably the deal [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] made with the devil [[Mammon]] and half the Kua-Toa to make his plague!
9. [x] Leonin is being held by the Gnolls! He is on a personal mission to fight [[Mammon]]. He learned through his patron that [[Mammon]] is on the move in [[The Underdark]]. Was waylaid by a group of Drow looking for escaped prisoners! Traded to the Gnolls for some kind of animal tooth and carapace...(hook horror...obvs)
10. [x] [[Triel Baenre]] is on their tail heavy...
11. [x] Yeenoghu wants kill [[Triel Baenre]] as she has tainted her self with [[Mammon]] and he's pissed she was killing gnolls. offers a deal...gives a map of [[The Underdark]] to the party in exchange for them heading out at [[Gauntlgrym]].
12. [x] [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] and a horde of invaders from [[The Underdark]] killed [[El Condor]]'s family as part of a hunting raid on their way to [[Luskan]]
