Story/Diary/1-100/Day 70.md, before:

# Narrative - Day 70

## MORNING

## AFTERNOON
### [[Session 83]]
- arrived in [[Neverlight Grove]]
- headed to the SE towards the Southern Terraces
- mid fight with the Grick Alpha
### [[Session 84]]
- continuing fight with Grick Alpha!!
- grick is dea
- umber hulk out of the water!
    - hulk is kicking serious ass
    - and the hulk is down.
    - this fight got them an intro to the sovereigns

## DUSK
### [[Session 85]]
- they killed all things in the entry way to [[Neverlight Grove]]
    - working on harvesting!
- moving around talking to the sovereigns
    - Phylo is weird
    - Basidia is offering to help find [[Caldazar]]
        - Basisdia is letting the party know that weird shit is going on with Phylo
### [[Session 86]]
   - the found [[Caldazar]]
        - he ded
        - killed by [[Jeggred Baenre]]
            - bled out from cuts to the major arteries
    - the Chuul are now upon the Group!
    - the fight rages on 

## EVENING
### [[Session 87]]
- all enemies are dead except a Drow Elite warrior and a Zurkwhood
     - he has prepped himself for a suicide stand
     - has said a prayer to [[Mammon]] and has let slip that he is unhappy with the drow matriarchy

## MIDNIGHT
### [[Sesssion 88]]
- the fight continues!
    - the drow is about half dead.
        - will fight then let slip about 
    - fighting the mushrooms
- Kholwin calls bullshit on Raith

## PRE-DAWN

___
# Notes
Current marching order:
1. Raith

TODOs:
- [ ] 
  
Last Long rest:
-

Commit message:

some session...
forgot what session this was for....

Story/Diary/1-100/Day 70.md, after:

# Narrative - Day 70

## MORNING

## AFTERNOON
### [[Session 83]]
- arrived in [[Neverlight Grove]]
- headed to the SE towards the Southern Terraces
- mid fight with the Grick Alpha
### [[Session 84]]
- continuing fight with Grick Alpha!!
- grick is dea
- umber hulk out of the water!
    - hulk is kicking serious ass
    - and the hulk is down.
    - this fight got them an intro to the sovereigns

## DUSK
### [[Session 85]]
- they killed all things in the entry way to [[Neverlight Grove]]
    - working on harvesting!
- moving around talking to the sovereigns
    - Phylo is weird
    - Basidia is offering to help find [[Caldazar]]
        - Basisdia is letting the party know that weird shit is going on with Phylo
### [[Session 86]]
   - the found [[Caldazar]]
        - he ded
        - killed by [[Jeggred Baenre]]
            - bled out from cuts to the major arteries
    - the Chuul are now upon the Group!
    - the fight rages on 

## EVENING
### [[Session 87]]
- all enemies are dead except a Drow Elite warrior and a Zurkwhood
     - he has prepped himself for a suicide stand
     - has said a prayer to [[Mammon]] and has let slip that he is unhappy with the drow matriarchy

## MIDNIGHT
### [[Session 88]]
- the fight continues!
    - the drow is about half dead.
        - will fight then let slip about 
    - fighting the mushrooms
- Kholwin calls bullshit on what the drow said

## PRE-DAWN
### [[Session 89]]
- The team defeated all the baddie. have captured the Drow and [[El Condor]] wants to "interrogate" him
    - he will let slip about the diary. hopefully the team decided they need to find a way to decode it
    - 
___
# Notes
Current marching order:
1. Raith

TODOs:
- [ ] 
  
Last Long rest:
-
