Story/Diary/1-100/Day 83.md, before:

# Narrative - Day 83

## MORNING
[[Session 95]]
- arrival in [[Gauntlgrym]]
- the audience with [[Bruenor Battlehammer]] is scheduled for tomorrow [[Day 84]] 
- the party is now aware of [[The Royal Pegasus]]
- party todo's:
    - [[The Royal Pegasus]]
- the party has arrived at [[The Royal Pegasus]]
    - the fight with [[Esteban the Horse]] is on like donkey kong

[[Session 96]]
- just got to [[The Royal Pegasus]]
    - fighting with [[Esteban the Horse]]
        - [[Raith]] is trying to ply him with alcohol
            - ordered shots and waiting
            - using calming language to calm him down..... to no effect
        - [[El Condor]] has approached to say hello - it has no effect
            - has grappled successfully
        - [[Esteban the Horse]] has been pacified and is sleeping off his drunk
            - the party is trying to set up a sex prank with an ugly horse
                - she is down for it
                - cuddled up to [[Esteban the Horse]] in the stables while he is passed out
- the party is gonna have some drinks maybe do some shopping
    - party headed to [[The Dragon's Potions]]
## AFTERNOON
- Shopping at [[Rado's Enchanted Caducetorium]]
    - banned form [[Rado's Enchanted Caducetorium]] after [[Kholwin]] threatened the shopkeeper

[[Session 97]]
- [[Kholwin]] writes a [[Kholwin's apology Rado|letter]] to [[Rado]] to apologize for the threat on his life
    - walks up to door 
    - apologizes verbally
    - offers services as problem solver and acquirers of rare artifacts
    - [[Rado]] tell him to come back tomorrow morning for maybe some work
- went to [[The Crimson Flask]] for a drink
    - sent Gili the dwarf artist to paint a sketch of [[Esteban the Horse]]with the horse whore
        - returns with the sketch
    - asking for a place with a fighting pit
        - told to go to [[The Broken Fang]]
        - went to the place and having a fight
            - [[El Condor]] and [[Masym]] are gonna go at it fully armed

## DUSK

## EVENING

## MIDNIGHT

## PRE-DAWN

___
# Notes
Current marching order:
1. Raith

TODOs:
- [ ] 
  
Last Long rest:
-

Commit message:

Session 97 in the bag
hell of a fight with El Condor at The Broken Fang

Story/Diary/1-100/Day 83.md, after:

# Narrative - Day 83

## MORNING
[[Session 95]]
- arrival in [[Gauntlgrym]]
- the audience with [[Bruenor Battlehammer]] is scheduled for tomorrow [[Day 84]] 
- the party is now aware of [[The Royal Pegasus]]
- party todo's:
    - [[The Royal Pegasus]]
- the party has arrived at [[The Royal Pegasus]]
    - the fight with [[Esteban the Horse]] is on like donkey kong

[[Session 96]]
- just got to [[The Royal Pegasus]]
    - fighting with [[Esteban the Horse]]
        - [[Raith]] is trying to ply him with alcohol
            - ordered shots and waiting
            - using calming language to calm him down..... to no effect
        - [[El Condor]] has approached to say hello - it has no effect
            - has grappled successfully
        - [[Esteban the Horse]] has been pacified and is sleeping off his drunk
            - the party is trying to set up a sex prank with an ugly horse
                - she is down for it
                - cuddled up to [[Esteban the Horse]] in the stables while he is passed out
- the party is gonna have some drinks maybe do some shopping
    - party headed to [[The Dragon's Potions]]
## AFTERNOON
- Shopping at [[Rado's Enchanted Caducetorium]]
    - banned form [[Rado's Enchanted Caducetorium]] after [[Kholwin]] threatened the shopkeeper

[[Session 97]]
- [[Kholwin]] writes a [[Kholwin's apology Rado|letter]] to [[Rado]] to apologize for the threat on his life
    - walks up to door 
    - apologizes verbally
    - offers services as problem solver and acquirers of rare artifacts
    - [[Rado]] tell him to come back tomorrow morning for maybe some work
- went to [[The Crimson Flask]] for a drink
    - sent Gili the dwarf artist to paint a sketch of [[Esteban the Horse]]with the horse whore
        - returns with the sketch
    - asking for a place with a fighting pit
        - told to go to [[The Broken Fang]]
        - went to the place and having a fight
            - [[El Condor]] and [[Masym]] are gonna go at it fully armed

## DUSK
[[Session 98]]
- [[El Condor]] and [[Masym]] are about to get into it on the pit floor
    - bets all around current odds 3:1
        - Kholwin: 100gp
        - Raith: 500gp
    - [[El Condor]] is the victor!
        - [[Masym]] gives him and immovable rod as a goodwill gesture for one hell of a donny brooke

## EVENING

## MIDNIGHT

## PRE-DAWN

___
# Notes
Current marching order:
1. Raith

TODOs:
- [ ] 
  
Last Long rest:
-
