# S01.02.06.02-Audience with Bruenor
## Basic Info
After the characters arrive and are shown to guest accommodations, they are allowed some time to refresh and prepare themselves. They are then called to an audience with Bruenor Battlehammer, the king of Gauntlgrym. Read or paraphrase the following:

> You are taken to a mighty hall in which a red-haired dwarf of fierce and proud demeanor sits upon a massive stone throne, flanked by a number of guards and advisors. Although a long stone table has been set to one side, laid out with refreshments, there do not appear to be any other guests. “Welcome, friends,” says the king. “I’ve a mind to know about the rumblings and rumors about goings-on in the depths outside my city. If ye relate to me what ye know, we can talk about what ye might want to do next.”

King Bruenor listens carefully to what the adventurers have to say. Once the adventurers have told their tale, Bruenor might have a few questions, particularly concerning the threat of the demon lords. The dwarf king answers questions from the characters if they have any. However, if asked about his overall plans, he says simply that he must consider all the information presented to him and consult with advisors. With the audience at an end, Bruenor tells the characters he will consider all they have told him, and that they will speak again at a welcoming feast later that night.
### Characters
- Allies
    - [[Sidiqi Adventures|SA]]
    - [[Bruenor Battlehammer]]
- Villains
    - Doppelganger disguised as [[Sildar Hallwinter]] 
- Unknowns
### Description
### Places
### Result
___
## Parts
___
## Resolution Steps