# S01.02.06.05-The Royal Pegasus
## Basic Info
Seedy tavern close to the party's accommodations in [[Gauntlgrym]]. [[Esteban the Horse]] is here waiting for them after their summons via animal messenger
### Characters
- Allies
    - [[Esteban the Horse]] - but he is pissed to start
- Villains
- Neutral
    - [[Banain]] - the innkeeper
    - Gorme: Male Halfling Aristocrat, Good. Gorme is overweight, with copper hair and narrow blue eyes. He wears fine raiment and a feathered hat. Gorme compulsively chants nonsense.
    - Erburh: Female Human Artist, Good. Erburh is exceptionally beautiful, with matted blonde hair and soft green eyes. She wears fine clothing and carries a fine stiletto. Erburh is hunting the sorceress who stole her husband.
    - Haga: Female Dwarf Aristocrat, Neutral. Haga is rough in appearance, with red hair and amber eyes. She wears fine raiment and jewelry. Haga is searching for her missing daughter.
    - Dwari: Male Dwarf Professional, Neutral. Dwari is short, with matted brown hair and green eyes. He wears well-made clothing and carries a fine stiletto. Dwari seeks to free himself from an ancient curse.
    - Kurda: Male Dwarf Artist, Good. Kurda has silver hair and light grey eyes. He wears expensive clothing and a sling of vials and potions. Kurda seeks a company of adventurers to recover his cloak from the thief who stole it.
    - Daerophilb: Male Elf Alchemist, Good. Daerophilb has a long face, with straight copper hair and hazel eyes. He wears expensive clothing and a silver holy symbol. Daerophilb secretly serves Albes, an ancient god of chaos.
    - Cily: Female Halfling Alchemist, Evil. Cily has a narrow face, with brown hair and hazel eyes. She wears modest garments and numerous rings. Cily is mourning her son, who was incinerated by a rogue fire elemental.
### Description
### Places
- [[The Royal Pegasus]]
### Result
___
## Parts
- fight with [[Esteban the Horse]]
    - resolves to fix the relationship
___
## Resolution Steps