# S01.02.01E15-A Flight of Demons
## Basic Info
During a guard change, the prisoners hear a horrible droning buzz echoing through the cavern, followed by inhuman shrieking. Alarm horns sound out as four chasme demons pursue a pair of vrock demons into the cavern from the northern passage. The demons swoop and buzz around, initially ignoring other creatures as both groups savagely assault each other. The demons’ arrival catches all of the drow off guard.

The drow rush to defend the outpost from a possible attack. The demons initially buzz past the hanging towers, leaving the walkways and caverns out of range of the effects of their droning and screeching. However, drow and quaggoths in the towers are close enough to be affected. The aerial battle eventually circles around the platform and the towers of the elite warriors as the demons savagely tear into each other.

The drow move to engage the demons and defend the outpost, leaving the characters with an opportunity to escape. You can combine this event with Jorlan’s offer to leave the gate unlocked, making it easy for the characters to slip away. Alternatively (or if they refuse Jorlan’s offer), the characters can use the distraction to engineer their own breakout, then decide how to get down to the cavern floor and where to go after that.

Describe the chaos of the demon attack and the drow’s response as the escaped prisoners try to flee. The characters can follow Jorlan’s suggestion to drop into the webs and then dive into the pool, possibly dealing with a giant spider or two and the gray ooze along the way. Alternatively, they can look for another way down. Reaching the lift requires getting past the drow clustered on the platform and then attempting to operate it during the attack, which might prove difficult.

If you want to provide an additional challenge for the characters, a vrock tumbles almost in front of them as they reach the cavern floor or move toward their chosen exit. The demon is badly wounded, but even with only 11 hit points remaining and having expended its spores and stunning screech abilities, it is still quite dangerous. It screeches at the characters, but if they do nothing to threaten it for 1 round, the demon takes wing and launches itself back into the fight overhead.

If the adventurers take on the fallen vrock and defeat or escape from it, award them a quarter of its usual XP value, or 575 XP, given its weakened state.

If Jorlan is alive when the demons attack, he might use the distraction to free the prisoners (as described in “Jorlan’s Gambit”). Any character who asks Jorlan about the demons gets a stern reply: “The demons are not my doing. Fight them at your own risk.”

### Characters
### Description
### Places
### Result
___
## Parts
___
## Resolution Steps