# S01.02.01E07 - Triel Quarters
## Basic Info
### Characters
### Description
A rope ladder leads down from the shrine into this chamber, which serves as private quarters to Mistress Ilvara, priestess of Lolth and commander of Velkynvelve.

Inside, the walls are hung with black mesh resembling a spider’s web, extending from a central spot on the ceiling out to the walls, then draped down like curtains. Thick, woven mats cover the floor, while a low platform is covered with cushions and pillows to make a broad, divan-like bed. One side of the chamber contains a small table and two chairs, while the other holds a small shrine to Lolth, draped in white silk. A heavy chest of black-stained zurkhwood sits at the foot of the bed.

Ilvara has retreated to her quarters for privacy, rest, and meditation but is currenlty out and about in [[Velkynvelve]] and is no where to be seen at the moment.

#### Trap
The chest is locked, and [[Triel Baenre|Triel]] keeps the key in a hidden pocket on the inside of her belt. The lock is trapped with a poison needle tipped with drow poison (see “Poisons” in chapter 8 of the Dungeon Master’s Guide), which is activated if any attempt is made to open the lock without the proper key. The victim takes 1 piercing damage and must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or be poisoned for 1 hour. If the saving throw fails by 5 or more (8 or lower), the target is also unconscious while poisoned in this way. A successful DC 20 Intelligence (Investigation) check reveals the trap. A character using thieves’ tools can make a successful DC 15 Dexterity check to disarm it. Picking the lock requires thieves’ tools and another successful DC 15 Dexterity check.

#### Treasure
The side table holds a small silver-framed mirror worth 10 gp. The small shrine to Lolth is carved of zurkhwood and bone, and inlaid with semiprecious stones. It is worth 50 gp if the characters can find a buyer for it.

The chest contains a variety of silken garments and personal items. There is a silver chain headdress set with small onyx stones, worth 50 gp, and a drawstring bag containing two potions of healing. A small leather purse contains 24 gp, 30 sp, and a small moonstone worth 20 gp, while another purse is Ilvara’s spare spell component pouch.

Additionally, the chest contains any valuables once held by the characters and NPCs, including any spellbooks, components, focuses, and magic items lost to the adventurers.

### Places
[[Velkynvelve]]

### Result
___
## Parts
___
## Resolution Steps