# S01.02.01E06-Shrine to Lolth
## Basic Info
### Characters
### Description
A steep rope bridge leads from the walkway ledge to the uppermost level of the largest hanging tower, called the priestess’s tower. The floor of this circular chamber is covered by dark silken mats with a pale web-strand pattern woven through them in silvery thread. In the middle of the chamber (at the center of the web) stands a broad pedestal carved from zurkhwood, with a 10-foot-high sculpted spider at its head. The carving is so lifelike that anyone initially entering the chamber and seeing it in dim light must succeed on a DC 12 Wisdom (Perception) check to recognize it. On a failure, a character mistakes it for a real giant spider.

This place is a shrine to Lolth, the drow’s spider goddess, and also serves as quarters for Asha, the junior priestess. She tends the shrine, overseeing routine rituals and offerings to Lolth.

Roll a d6 when the characters enter the shrine to determine who they might meet.
Shrine Activity

|d6|Activity|
|---|---|
|1–2|Asha is in the room alone, resting|
|3–4|Asha and 1d4 Drow are engaged in worship|
|5–6|The shrine is empty|

The back half of the chamber, behind the altar, is piled with a semicircle of pillows and cushions. Resting among these is a giant spider trained and kept by the priestesses. The cushions give the spider sufficient concealment to hide from anyone entering the tower from the front. A character must succeed on a Wisdom (Perception) check contested by the spider’s Dexterity (Stealth) check to spot it before it moves.

#### Notes
Here also the party may find Urimus. Strung up with some kind of sticky webbing he is unconscious and severely wounded but no immediate threat to his life. It seems that he has been left here as target practice/weapons dummy and the  guards have been making use of him as such. Several wounds have caked over in blood and his left eye is swollen shut. One of his small horns (left side) has been broken off close to the skull. The party may revive Urimus and even heal him. He warns them that the webbing has been enchanted with some kind of detection spell and removing him from it will bring down "hell". He admonishes the party to move on with out him. He is to be returned to Mammon and should that not happen Devils of all sorts will hunt and kill [[Sidiqi Adventures|SA]]. Being "returned" Urimus knows he will be kept alive as a "play thing" for Mammon allowing for later rescue or escape. He begs the party....his only friends....to abandon him to save all their lives. Should the party insist on freeing him 6 Elite Drow Warriors (including [[Shoor Vandree]]) descend on the party. Any knocked unconscious are restrained and returned to the cells. If they escape then [[Glasya]] will track them down later and kidnap [[Urimus]].
    
#### Treasure
The altar is flanked by a pair of heavy silver candlesticks worth 25 gp each. They hold thick black candles, lit only when a ritual is being performed in the shrine.

The eight “eyes” of the spider statue are eight pieces of polished jet — four small ones worth 5 gp each and four larger ones worth 10 gp each. Any non-drow who possesses these gems falls under a curse from Lolth. All spiders and spiderlike creatures attack the bearer of the stones on sight, and such creatures have advantage on checks to detect the possessor of the stones. The curse lasts until all the stones are given into the safekeeping of a drow worshiper of Lolth or the gems are subject to a remove curse spell.
    
### Places
[[Velkynvelve]]

### Result
___
## Parts
___
## Resolution Steps