# S01.02.01-Prisoners
## Basic Info
### Characters
PC's:
- All PC's have been cleansed of exhaustion and corruption so they can be "strong and fit" slaves
- [[Caldazar]]
    - A flint shard that can be used as a dagger
- [[El Condor]]
    - A rusted iron bar that can be used as a club
- [[Kholwin]]
    - A gold coin
- [[Raith]]
    - A flawed carnelian gemstone worth 10 gp
- [[Urimus]]
    - Not with the crew!!

NPC's
- Villains
  - [[Triel Baenre]]
  - [[Asha Vandree]]
  - [[Shoor Vandree]]
  - [[Jorlan Duskryn]]
- Flotsam
  - Buppido: Talkative and cunning derro
    - There are nineteen drow at the outpost, including [[Triel Baenre]], [[Shoor Vandree]], and [[Jorlan Duskryn]], as well as another priestess named [[Asha Vandree]]. There are also a dozen quaggoths and a number of giant spiders.
  - Prince Derendil: Quaggoth who claims to be a cursed elf prince
    - Three drow guards watch the slave pen from the hanging guard tower across the rope bridge, visible through the locked gate.
  - Eldeth Feldrun: Shield dwarf scout from Gauntlgrym
    - The cell has some sort of antimagic effect on it (see area 11 for details).
  - Jimjar: Deep gnome with a gambling problem
    - Jorlan the drow warrior suffered disfiguring injuries recently. Before then, he seemed more in Ilvara’s favor. Now Shoor seems to have displaced him.
  - Ront: Orc bully
    - Jorlan used to have a wand that shot globs of sticky material able to trap targets. Now Shoor carries it, as another sign of their change in status.
  - Sarith Kzekarit: Drow accused of murder
    - Sarith Kzekarit knows a gray ooze lives in the pool. It’s harmless, feeding off waste unless disturbed.
    - Sarith Kzekarit knows a supply patrol from Menzoberranzan is a few days overdue, which is unusual
  - Shuushar the Awakened: Kuo-toa hermit and mystic
    - It might be a matter of days or tendays before a contingent from Menzoberranzan arrives to take prisoners back to the drow city.
  - Stool: Myconid sprout
  - Topsy and Turvy: Deep gnome wererat twins
    - [[Jarlaxle Baenre]] wants to take over [[The Sword Coast]]
  
### Description
The pary has been in captivity for 6 days as captives of [[Triel Baenre]]. They have been in the slave pens all this time. The party’s goal is straightforward: escape from the Drow outpost of Velkynvelve, with an eye toward escaping from the Underdark. However, this goal is complicated by the adventurers’ lack of familiarity with their surroundings. Even if the prisoners can get away from the drow, where will they go and how will they survive?

- See above for scavenged possesions
- Urimus is not with the party or among the rest of the prisoners.

#### A Motley Crew
The other prisoners who manage to escape with the player characters are likely to become theircompanions for a substantial part of the adventure, so it is good to lay the groundwork for those relationships early on. Some of the NPCs might not survive the initial escape attempt. Others might be lost to the dangers of the Underdark — or might reveal their true colors and betray the party. A few could become true companions. Keep in mind the other prisoners have their own personalities and goals, but are generally willing to cooperate for their own benefit. Their knowledge of the Underdark should encourage the player characters to keep them around at least initially.

Since managing such a large cast of NPCs can be quite involved, enlist the aid of the players if you wish, having each of them take on the role of managing one or more of the party’s companions. The player generally decides what that NPC is doing, with the knowledge that you, as Dungeon Master, can overrule them as needed by the story. Not only does this make the secondary characters easier to manage, it helps the players get to know them and strengthens the bonds between the NPCs and the adventurers.


### Places
- [[Velkynvelve - Slave Pens]]
- [[Velkynvelve]] - Proper

### Result
___
## Resolution Steps
1. escape the slave pens
1. make way to another location (see [[S01.02.02-Into Darkness]])
___
## Parts
>**_Captured by the drow!_** You wouldn’t wish this fate upon anyone, yet here you are — locked in a dark cave, the cold, heavy weight of metal tight around your throat and wrists. You are not alone. Other prisoners are trapped in here with you, in an underground outpost far from the light of the sun. Your captors include a cruel drow priestess who calls herself Mistress Ilvara of House Mizzrym. Over the past several days, you’ve met her several times, robed in silken garments and flanked by two male drow, one of whom has a mass of scars along one side of his face and neck. Mistress Ilvara likes to impress her will with scourge in hand and remind you that your life now belongs to her. “Accept your fate, learn to obey, and you may survive.” Her words echo in your memory, even as you plot your escape.
>
>No light penetrates this place of cold, gray stone and hard iron. No music lifts the spirit, nor laughter. Only the clinking of manacles, muttering of the imprisoned, and the occasional barked order from a guard break the oppressive silence looming over everything. The gaunt faces peering from between the bars resemble their surroundings: gray, hard, and solemn.
>
Your sleep in the slave pen is troubled and fitful, filled with strange dreams and disturbing images. Dark shadows seem to move and reach out toward you as the you wander lost through endless mazes of tunnels. Oily tentacles slide to brush up against you, while a great buzzing and howling rises in the distance. Suppurating wounds burst open in clouds of spores or crawling masses of maggots or insects. More than one of you have waken in a cold sweat from these nightmares after every rest, feeling as though something is out there in the dark depths — something far worse than the drow!

### Means of Escape

Unless they want to spend the rest of their lives as drow slaves, the characters should quickly begin looking for ways they can escape. Though the task will not be easy, the characters can take advantage of certain opportunities if they use their heads.

#### Acquisitions
One or more of the characters might have useful items in their possession (see “Scavenged Possessions”), and working outside the slave pen creates new opportunities for the characters to acquire and hide small items, including makeshift weapons or tools, or even lift a key to the slave pen from a guard. What they can acquire depends on the work they do and where they go. Use the description of the different locations throughout the outpost as a guide to opportunities. Taking something without being noticed requires a successful Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check contested by the Wisdom (Perception) checks of any active observers, or using an observer’s passive Wisdom (Perception) score as the base DC. A prisoner that fails the check is commanded to relinquish the item, on pain of death.

What equipment and treasures the characters claim during their escape depend on how much of the outpost they are able to explore before fleeing. For some characters, it might be a fun challenge to escape into the Underdark with little more than the clothes on their backs. For others (including spellcasters who need spellbooks or components), consider placing the party’s captured equipment (normally in Ilvara’s quarters) in an alternate location if the characters are intent on escaping without exploring all of the outpost, such as the elite drow barracks (area 4) or the armory (area 10).

#### Jorlan’s Gambit
When the initial contact between the adventurers and the other prisoners has been played out, Jorlan Duskryn arranges to bring the prisoners their food during his guard duty. (Shoor delights in giving Jorlan such menial work). Standing at the gate to the slave pen and passing in bowls, he mutters to the nearest character: “If I could give you a means to escape from here, would you take it?”

If the answer is affirmative, Jorlan quickly and quietly proposes to leave the gate to the slave pen unlocked, as well as to create a distraction during the changing of the guards on duty. He tells the characters about the armory, located in the chamber above the guard post in the hanging guard tower in front of the slave pen. The escapees can jump down into the webs below, then over the edge into the pool, making their escape from there.

Jorlan doesn’t particularly care if the prisoners actually escape, which is why he doesn’t offer any further help or warn them about the `gray ooze` in the pool. It suits him just as well if the prisoners are killed during their attempt to flee. He simply wants to create an embarrassing incident for Shoor and Ilvara.

Jorlan furtively glances around as he speaks quickly to the characters. If they question him or ask for changes to the plan, he insists it is all he can do. If they accept, he is true to his word, leaving the gate unlocked close to the next guard shift change and delaying the replacement guards for a few minutes.

#### A Flight of Demons
During a guard change, the prisoners hear a horrible droning buzz echoing through the cavern, followed by inhuman shrieking. Alarm horns sound out as four `chasme` demons pursue a pair of `vrock` demons into the cavern from the northern passage. The demons swoop and buzz around, initially ignoring other creatures as both groups savagely assault each other. The demons’ arrival catches all of the drow off guard.

The drow rush to defend the outpost from a possible attack. The demons initially buzz past the hanging towers, leaving the walkways and caverns out of range of the effects of their droning and screeching. However, drow and quaggoths in the towers are close enough to be affected. The aerial battle eventually circles around the platform and the towers of the elite warriors as the demons savagely tear into each other.

The drow move to engage the demons and defend the outpost, leaving the characters with an opportunity to escape. You can combine this event with Jorlan’s offer to leave the gate unlocked, making it easy for the characters to slip away. Alternatively (or if they refuse Jorlan’s offer), the characters can use the distraction to engineer their own breakout, then decide how to get down to the cavern floor and where to go after that.

Describe the chaos of the demon attack and the drow’s response as the escaped prisoners try to flee. The characters can follow Jorlan’s suggestion to drop into the webs and then dive into the pool, possibly dealing with a giant spider or two and the gray ooze along the way. Alternatively, they can look for another way down. Reaching the lift requires getting past the drow clustered on the platform and then attempting to operate it during the attack, which might prove difficult.

If you want to provide an additional challenge for the characters, a vrock tumbles almost in front of them as they reach the cavern floor or move toward their chosen exit. The demon is badly wounded, but even with only 11 hit points remaining and having expended its spores and stunning screech abilities, it is still quite dangerous. It screeches at the characters, but if they do nothing to threaten it for 1 round, the demon takes wing and launches itself back into the fight overhead.

If the adventurers take on the fallen vrock and defeat or escape from it, award them a quarter of its usual XP value, or 575 XP, given its weakened state.

If Jorlan is alive when the demons attack, he might use the distraction to free the prisoners (as described in “Jorlan’s Gambit”). Any character who asks Jorlan about the demons gets a stern reply: “The demons are not my doing. Fight them at your own risk.”